Welcome to the Nespresso Assistance video on setting the water hardness on your Lattissima Pro machine.
To optimize descaling intervals and keep a machine well serviced for optimal in cup quality,
we recommend that you set the water hardness on your machine.
According to your consumption profile as well as the water hardness you have set in the machine,
the machine will trigger a descaling alert visible in the display.
To start, enter the menu by pressing the “Gears” button, and browse the options.
Select [WATER HARDNESS].
You will be guided throughout the whole process.
Just follow the machine display instructions.
Place the water hardness sticker provided with the machine in the water for 1 second.
The number of red squares indicates the water hardness level.
The results can vary from 0 to 4 red squares:
0 squares for the first level which is for a very soft water
4 squares for the level 5 which is for a very hard water
Set the value accordingly,
and validate.
A short text display indicates that the new value has been stored.
Validate the message to exit "WATER HARDNESS".
To exit the menu completely press and hold the "Gears" button for at least 2 seconds.
Your Lattissima Pro machine is now ready.
You can now continue to enjoy our range of Grand Crus
specifically designed to optimize the extraction quality of your machine,
and guarantee the ultimate Nespresso coffee quality, cup after cup.